CloudFormation signal program (issue #1581) (#1728)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: README.md

  Supported values are `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, and `crit`, and the default is `info`.
* `settings.ecs.enable-spot-instance-draining`: If the instance receives a spot termination notice, the agent will set the instance's state to `DRAINING`, so the workload can be moved gracefully before the instance is removed. Defaults to `false`.

#### CloudFormation signal helper settings

> For AWS variants, these settings allows you to set up CloudFormation signalling to indicate whether Bottlerocket hosts running in EC2 have been successfully created or updated:
> * `settings.cloudformation.should-signal`: Whether to check status and send signal. Defaults to `false`. If set to `true`, both `stack-name` and `logical-resource-id` needs to be specified.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
For AWS variants, these settings allow you to set up CloudFormation signaling to indicate whether Bottlerocket hosts running in EC2 have been successfully created or updated:
* `settings.cloudformation.should-signal`: Whether to check status and send signal. Defaults to `false`. If set to `true`, both `stack-name` and `logical-resource-id` need to be specified.
```

* `settings.cloudformation.stack-name`: Name of the CloudFormation Stack to signal.

> * `settings.cloudformation.logical-resource-id`: The logical ID of the AutoScalingGroup resource that you want to signal.

Reviewer 2: Are both of these required? Will the instance will fail if `should-signal` is `true` and either of these is missing? Maybe document the behavior/dependency if there is one.

Author: default value for both of them is an empty string (`sources/models/shared-defaults/cf-signal.toml`), so you will get an error like (this is for python):
```
botocore.exceptions.ParamValidationError: Parameter validation failed:
Invalid length for parameter StackName, value: 0, valid min length: 1
```
